add mongo db destination connector (#2068)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: docs/source/ingest/destination_connectors/mongodb.rst

MongoDB
======================

Batch process all your records using ``unstructured-ingest`` to store structured outputs locally on your filesystem and upload those local files to an MongoDB collection.

> First you'll need to install the azure cognitive search dependencies as shown here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you'll need to install the MongoDB dependencies as shown here.
```
